be crazy are you ready for like the
crazy bull right loop-de-loop backflip
training I'm ready for the readiness not
bring home the white da no no no no
bring home the bring home the one
alright guys here we go Jersey watch
your watch oh say where's my camera like
really far out I don't know
far out man boom Wow gotta hear some
that's right well I'm in the game now I
know what I'm doing me what's it what's
a pretty really a rocket just like
landed like Robert tells me I can't
believe you guys yeah yeah what I missed
I missed the the RAM so I had to come
back to myself and you were just there
wow wow dude way to make everything
difficult for me here we go oh I didn't
see that rump Oh
seriously did not see that round oh you
kidding me you're gonna be I'm waiting
here all right place look at that look
there look at I ain't never seen that
sorry James just taking all the boosts
no yes I have son
wait churches made it yeah I made it yes
a good a good on to the next time James
is like chase thanks for helping me get
round can hit me again
oh jeez guys guys seriously seriously
what is this what is this I don't know
Jason oh here we go
oh wow whoa whoa good luck guys it's
difficult it is really difficult
what is this you get you get to like the
first part okay and I'm going to twist
you and then land on the other ramp
that's when things start getting a
little rough please please like please
don't please like James please oh no
turn it around so here we go go one more
time everybody
Oh what happened this is gonna end badly
oh geez exploded on my screen yeah I'll
James you spawn inside me I could have
done anything
oh yeah parts to it I don't know I I'm
just gonna DNF this one okay don't worry
guys guys got meditate like nearly any
man can finish that's all I care about
cuz this touch where's the finish line
so like really far away probably
probably you like another loop to toiley
by thing I think you got to do another
loop in a twirly black flipper yeah that
thing why is it doing there we go I just
think at this ramp like it's flicking me
round it's looks mean - right round
right round Castle don't finish it super
cops are now finishing the first place
oh wow choch finished in first time ever
in history yeah one of the first times
ever in history I think of only one like
three when we're going where even is
gosh la oh I've got do this what do this
go where next player let's like James Oh
kickflip what I still speaking to the
finish line up alas he enough nobody
knows like stay tuned I put myself out
for a day an F because I that ramp was
just ridiculously hard like it was
lonely left right center
I can only got the checkpoint by whoa by
luck whoa yeah I'm gonna die now from a
DNF in style though is oh nope that
didn't work no it didn't work dude that
did not work nothing huh I accept that
DNF Calvin Corning a car surfing to
laugh on yeah wait this is that I say
surfing yeah it's at surfing dude I'm
ready are you ready I'm ready surface
looks like this yeah if there was if
there was a mod for us to be on
surfboards right now that would be
amazing
yeah that would be crazy we should do it
let's hang ten brah boy I recovered that
pretty well if I'm honest wait my boosts
would have I'm not working either
weapons enabled that's why the plane oh
wait why what happened there wait are we
doing the same time again happened what
charge
whoa turn be careful up there boys
take it slow take it slow around reckon
we could just drop from this oh yes we
can chat you're gonna have to give me a
push mate or somebody's gonna have to
like that's it James James knows whit984
aah Oh James come on man
I'm gonna make it I'm gonna make you
fail oh man I've made it I made it yeah
I won hooks oh don't you guys make it
yes I just fell off them just just roll
off the edge Matt you'll be fine I went
I'm trying to do the whole loop and it
just killed me no the chap was just that
oh that recover oh this is not fine yeah
wait you just are the finish line you
just hit all that Jade points
hey uh but yeah I'll just literally
finish it in with em check points as
well that was the dis this race is dumb
Oh
oh man look I'm not I'm in DNA let me
stop yeah we're gonna be on the top
contain next time we can get to Shu all
the balloons
oh yeah it's gonna be a lot easier we
get Kirk Persinger head
roll some footage for a breath when you
gotta go put it over my shit oh yeah and
then